If you want to speak,
you need to stop sharing,
and then you can, you can speak.
That's crazy. OK, let's do it again.
I know you're still recording. OK,
perfect. Bye, bye your PC.
They don't have product. OK,
don't buy a Windows, OK.
Alright, so...
So, basically, like, like Cedric say,
what we are going to do,
it's some kind of...
POV, I would say,
but might be part on a much bigger like
scope if we do the full transformation of
friends,
or even if we actually work with them
more later on,
because they they seem to have a lot of
work for probably as well.
I'm not going to do all the slides.
What I would like to talk about,
but is more important,
it's the timeline and what we're going to
do. So timeline,
basically it's roughly 2 months.
with possibly one more month afterwards
if you really like us or have the money.
Well, I guess it's both.
The thing is we are there to de-risk what
we have.
We are not there to create a project from
scratch, not a new project.
It's not a project, it's more like
We are going to use some kind of Mo
project, but they should set up for us,
hopefully. If not,
we might have to help them a bit. But,
and this project will be used to actually
go through a lot of units,
but we actually propose them.
And what a unit is, is basically
Um, I wish, I wish I won, for example.
So yeah,
mock project means it's something very
simple, but has no real value whatsoever.
Unless we actually copy paste a real
project, we don't know yet.
It's possible to.
But the goal is not to add new screens or
anything.
It's really to use this project to
actually go through a lot of systems and
everything.
And we use units for that. Okay,
that's too much cloud for.
Let me go to the units.
Okay, so before we go to the unit,
there is the first,
I guess it's one week initiation.
Basically, we are going to say hello,
try to see what they give us,
and basically prepare.
It's like a spring zero if you want.
But one is ready to see if what we ask
them is there as well.
So we can start with the unit.
If she's not there.
We have to push it.
We really have to force them and help
them to set up stuff that is missing.
What is important is the unit afterwards.
If I may,
one key thing of that point zero is
you're going to define in which order you
do the units.
Yeah, so this is not defined so far.
They have given us a scope, 6,
they chose 6 units,
but we don't know which one first,
and then so it's pretty cool.
You ensure during the first spring
iteration that this is defined.
Security first bring here is more like
this covering workshop anyway to set up
the team process, scope, etcetera.
Yeah,
but there is many things also on the
technical aspects.
It's a bit different from a traditional
Sprint Zero,
because traditional Sprint Zero,
you set up your project. Here,
you don't have a project to set up,
per se. There may be still one,
because there is a question of, okay,
all these
forms you're going to create and all that,
where will that be?
How will that be organized and so on?
Today is not defined,
so there are things still that look like
project initiation,
but slightly different from the standard
one, so,
but in terms of strategy of how it gets
applied, you still probably,
even though it's a mock.
project,
you're probably still defining sort of
like a template repo and resources and
things like this that would get applied
to a widespread number of projects, right,
in terms of you need somewhere to store
and version prompts and other things that
we develop along the way.
Yes, for this, yes,
for the sense for the AI,
there is a question of AI repository or
AI project itself that needs to be set up
and managed. Yeah, and then it would,
you would, I mean,
in the future when it's sort of done,
these things might be duplicated or could
be reused, yeah, could be reused.
Across projects,
it could be really as a standard or,
but it's not part of this proposal anyway,
so we use everywhere now to prepare for
it, yes.
Well, it depends what you mean,
because let me say it another way.
The prompts,
you're not going to store them in the
mock project. No,
it's going to be a different. No,
because it should be.
It's already something, in a way,
reusable. You need to make it reusable.
The scope is not to reuse it.
That is to make it reusable, exactly.
We don't use it everywhere,
but we can use it only on the mock
project,
but it has to be reusable or quite
reusable.
We'll only prove it on the mock project,
exactly. The idea is prove it once,
and then it's repeatable for others. Yeah,
but we clearly said also to them that...
The goal was not that even if we do that,
we are not expecting their people to be
able to reuse it by themselves.
Not without the training and so on,
and coaching,
as we propose for the transformation.
It is not,
we have to replace the transformation.
It should not. Only a derisking part.
So it should not be a production-ready
project at all.
We are there to wow,
be careful to not say too much,
because Richard has some kind of
expectation. OK, OK, but not give him, so,
so essentially you could say that you're
taking almost a trivial, like...
The project itself, the functionality,
probably doesn't matter at all,
but everything surrounding it,
they want it to basically be production
ready. That's true. Yeah, that's like,
yeah.
But even if we go,
not proven as production ready,
but made in a way to be potentially
production ready.
We could do a fake production mock
project.
I guess that's what they want to push for.
He want to, yeah.
He doesn't want everything to be fully
ready to production, then all he knows.
But that can be discussed during all the
projects, there would be difficulties,
but still he doesn't want,
it's done as a throwable thing on the
side, you know?
He wants it to be considered as serious
and as if it was for production later.
Regarding the AI instructions,
we are to deliver them as well, right?
But that's the whole point is about this.
So it's only this.
The product is only about.
So it will be pushed in a separate way.
I'm not saying reusable prompts,
because that would already be on the
solution in part.
We don't know what form this would be.
Would it be agents? Would it be skills?
Would it be whatever?
And that, I mean, up to you, Simon,
but it's also maybe something you want
also to start digging into in Spring Zero,
like what do we need,
especially because we can prepare,
I don't know if you are, I'm not sure,
I don't think it's even written,
but they're not using Copilot,
they're using.
And AWS, yeah, and Google,
what is the name of the Google one? Well,
there is another one, yeah, yeah, OK,
yeah, so that using two,
but these are both basically
intermediaries that you expose other,
correct, through, yes,
do you know which models they have behind
that?
Pretty much everything.
I hope all of them. Yes.
So the idea is similar to GitHub compiler
in terms of how it works,
meaning it's not the model itself,
as Ryan was saying,
is an intermediate level.
And then you have the model behind it.
And the model behind it,
they even have a layer which is called
A GPT or whatever that calls them,
basically a way to control what models
you can access, and so on.
I am not sure exactly what they do.
Is it the control plan or is it like
their own homegrown model?
They did not tell us, Matt. It's no,
it's no, no, no,
they said it's not their own model, no,
it's not their model, yeah.
It's not a, but it's,
I think it's a middle layer to ensure
that our residency and stuff like this.
That's what I'm expecting,
but I know I don't think we should care.
That's their problem. That's their self.
But for us,
we know that we need to be compatible
with at least these two AI tools.
OK,
so it does it should be as agnostic as
possible from AI tools,
but as we were saying,
the whole deliverables are AI stuff AI.
But how do they, I mean,
not that we necessarily need to do it the
same way as them,
but how do they access these today?
They use it from VS Code or from?
What harnesses do they use? They use,
what was the name?
If you say Codex, I'm going to be like,
oh crap,
that's the one that we have probably the
least experience on. No,
it's not that one.
It's in my Linux PC, not in this one.
Intellogic was the name.
We discussed about it. I even tried it.
Oh,
it's like sort of the distant 4th place
one, the... Yeah, yeah, it is.
But it's a really small name as well.
It's gonna come back, I will tell you.
It's the one that can work by anything.
No, it's not light, it's...
I will tell you later.
It's gonna come back. It's in my my Linux,
not on my Macbook, but by the way,
can I do something? I'm a bit lost. Yeah,
I thought we were saying about doing
transformation.
I thought about we kind of how to do
appreciate how they work as well,
but as discussed.
It is more touching based on the
configuration of the AI part.
It's completely is.
It's not a transformation part.
It's not a process transformation at all.
No, it's not transformation.
We are not there to teach them.
We are not there to.
We are there to try and AI-ify their
processes and identify what are the
difficulties.
To to be able to fulfill AI skills,
problems, whatever, and again,
it's it doesn't mean that all the the the
prompt skills and all will be fully done,
because that will be done in the as part
of the transformation itself.
But it's kind of a preparation,
three-step preparation work for it. Okay,
because they fear that when they will do
it during the transformation,
they fear they will have so many problems
that the transformation will fail,
because creating all the prompts and all
will take too much time and will be too
difficult, so that...
They want to do it a bit in advance. OK,
OK, so let me recap. So,
what we are doing here is kind of
pre-stage before actual transformation.
Yes, it is. OK, it's a P.O.V. So,
so it's your C.P.O.C. You, you, you,
the first ability. OK, it's a...
POC concept. What is POC?
POC proof of concept means it's it means
show how to do not not put it. OK, OK,
you're right.
It would be proof of value that means you
would measure the gains and so on.
We are not here to measure the gains.
We are here to not ready.
OK to show that it works.
So we might need to or we might benefit
from.
trying to better define the goal, right?
Because we say de-risk,
but what does it actually mean in terms
of what is their target?
Because there's no risk if they don't
change, right?
But they're planning to change,
they're planning to use authentic
development. What, why do they want to?
make sure that they're not going to hit
blockers and other constraints and things
when interfacing these other systems and
other requirements for release to be
automatically or more easily approached
when using either AI assistant or AI led
autonomous AI development, right?
What you see is important.
I think at the beginning we talk about
what we can do, what we will do,
but what is even more important is on
every unit that we are going to work on,
what we say is the goal is to have the
must have daily variables, sorry,
but the thing is we are there to see if
it's possible as well.
We can actually have a success saying
like that's not possible because we are
stuck. He did, by the way, Simon,
he did not read it the first time and
you're ready to say, I love that,
that you work explicitly,
that saying we try to AI find this
process and it doesn't work is a success.
For this project, yeah,
but it's kind of really defines
exploration,
technical exploration of what is doing,
or how we can do it,
and show and show how to do it. OK,
but it's not teaching,
but before we start,
are we expecting that it's already there,
like we've already set up the front and
back end? Yes, it should be there.
They should create that on a on a fake
project for us to be able to play,
because you need, I mean,
you need material to be able to play.
You know, if you say, okay,
I make a prompt to, I don't know,
generate A pipeline, a test pipeline.
If I don't have a project to try my
prompt,
But I cannot demonstrate anything,
you know, but we did,
we haven't defined exactly like,
did they give us a Java file or did they
give us a something that they've already
got like a minimal pipeline within it or
something? That's what we did,
we did in the last version we did. Ohh,
OK.
We have now four or five slides and he
said also he loves that.
I think we are more than him.
That describes what are the requirements
for the mock project,
and we sized everything we said,
minimum this,
minimum this number of endpoint, yeah,
yeah, we we define the...
Yeah,
we gave them an idea of what the mock
project should be, where to start from.
We have the size, yeah. Run correctly,
all the units they chose. Sure. OK,
so yeah, it's already there. Yeah,
the goal was to not have something really
too small for us,
because for some of these it might be
sort of like there's a lot that...
could be shown, right?
There might not be a blocker,
or it might be possible that, okay,
the easiest way to do this is with a
prompt that will just run and do it,
but that's still manual.
Or are you putting it into skills and the
agent sort of like taking care of this
and defining it by itself?
Or is it even going to something agentic
where the platform is and running by
itself?
But probably we would kind of like
approach it from a minimal.
One,
I don't think that we would explore going
direct to agentic if we didn't know that
it would work to do in.
A closer,
that's what I meant to to define and
drive, but yeah, probably I think I mean,
anyway,
in terms of just thinking about how you
do it,
you write your prompt and you first you
test it manually to see how it goes
before you make it autonomous.
Before you even if you want to make it
autonomous, normally.
Logically, it's a second step,
but maybe in some cases, no,
because in some cases you can have some
cases where you already have.
Let me take a simple example: if you will
not be the case here,
but if you use GitHub Copilot code review.
It's already a feature by itself that has
its own triggers and its own automation,
and also you're not gonna do first,
I write a prompt manually,
you're gonna plug on this that already
exists.
There might be some SAS that actually
it's easier to set up.
Run it as a like from its side as an
agent, correct? Then to interact, yes,
externally.
Maybe in some cases you will start with
something already autonomous from the
beginning. I don't know.
We could look at all the topics we
covered,
but there are a lot of topics and stuff.
I'm not showing the scope if there are
some that would make sense to be.
Did you guys take,
because they have a list of basically
their technologies that they want to look
at, right? Pretty much a backlog.
Did you do a first pass of just like,
get the agent opinion,
which ones will be hard to do and which
ones will be easy and just...
Their opinion, no.
Just like a quick AI response on which is
going to be hard,
which is going to be easy. From AI, yes,
we did. Yeah, yeah, AI. Each unit we did,
and that's why we have nice to the unit
asking how challenging is it,
and so on and so on,
and I had also the opinion from Guillem
from him.
We'll see, which one should I read about?
You should be afraid about service now.
It's a big one now. Yeah. This one,
AI also told us this is the most risky
one. So both are saying the same.
Do you know what is ServiceNow?
Or do you have an idea? No.
It's okay,
it's basically some kind of curse of,
can I say that,
customers report slash bug software.
I would say it's an incident management,
but it's tied to, yeah, incident,
and it seems that we all use it and we
all hate it so much, apparently.
It's huge. It's really huge. Yeah,
it's huge.
Because it's all about how to give major
organizations control about process and
define their own process.
Say who can approve,
what is the form you want to do?
It's really sort of the same as...
I guess it's like a thing like Jira,
but worse.
I know it's hard to think of something
worse than Jira, but trust me, it is. So,
we have one unit for it, and we choose it,
of course,
but because the guy knows it's the most
risky one, so, yeah, but actually,
you know, it, or is it? Until recently,
it could have ended easy by...
Not doable, not doable, not doable,
but they just issued a new MCP server,
so it opens new doors,
and maybe now more stuff are doable. Yeah,
so before it was no MCP for it,
no there was no MCP API was poor,
so I mean,
at some point when you cannot interact
with...
The thing,
you just can't interact with the thing,
you know,
you cannot invent stuff that don't exist.
But it may be changing rapidly to what is
possible with it. If there's an MCP now.
So yes,
maybe important to you explain the last
one, the wrap up.
Cause this one is different,
not talk at all.
Ohh,
I don't know if it was clear for everyone,
maybe wrap up that one. Yes,
that one is 2 weeks, or is it 2 weeks?
Yes, two weeks.
Okay, basically wrap up is a wrap up.
You wake up.
No, no, no, no, no, yeah,
basically what we all did needs to be to
come to fruition with the the project and
Mo project. At that step,
we should be able to go to production.
fake production maybe,
but we should apply all what we learn
into this project.
So the goal is to do it at every unit,
but also to finalize at that point.
Make sure that all the units work okay
together. Exactly.
Let me give you an example.
If there is a unit that looks at the logs
in production and automatically...
AI creates tickets with incidents,
and there is another ticket unit that
looks at bugs and enriches them,
and then another unit that there is bug
triage.
Then we need to make sure that all of
these can happen on the same thing,
one after the other, and actually...
fit together. Think about when we develop,
like all ways of development,
when everyone is developing their module
in their side and then you do integration,
pretty much it.
So that's the goal of the wrap-up.
Main goal is this, is to run everything
One after another on the same project. OK,
yeah, and he got,
because we spoke about transformation,
we said it's not about transformation.
the wrap-ups goal number two it's a
handover for me that two weeks is a fake
sprint on the is a real sprint on the
fake project with their people because
they're different
the goal of sharing what we've done and
so on.
You define it as basically they're
included there to watch and learn not to
do. Yes, yes.
And so I told them if they want to have
their people involved to watch and learn
on the way before.
It's fine, but we don't request it.
We need involvement of their people to
help us understand how they work and all,
and you may have seen that a lot of units
say we need a person from this department
at minimum,
each day per week and stuff like this. OK,
because that's.
What we need, we need to know.
I mean, we want to,
we don't want to change their processes.
We want to AI-ify their processes,
maybe create some new processes also,
but still, mainly AI-ify their processes.
So we need to understand their context.
And this we cannot invent. We need them.
But we don't need to have them.
creating the prompts with us,
learning how to create the prompt,
and so on. Okay,
this is not the goal of this.
It should be transformation goal.
But still at the end,
we want to have a handover.
And I am not, I think at Palo anyway,
we are not about creating tons of
documentations that nobody reads.
So the best way to have a proper handover
is to go, yeah,
let's work two weeks together.
You put a few guys from your side,
we run a fake trend. Anyway,
we need to do it us to
make the final report,
make sure that everything fits together
and adjust potentially a bit.
Give us people and then we do the
handover at the same time.
So,
that's the only moment when they must
give us people really to work with us.
The rest of the project,
they give us people to give us knowledge,
basically. All access. Knowledge. Unblock.
Yeah.
So,
am I getting it right that this project
is actually like other projects in terms
of running, right?
We have working in a team, only us, right,
and we use them as a person to get
information, yes, unblock, yes, et cetera.
But, as I said, I let the door open. Say,
if they want to put people...
To work with us,
so I'm not sure if they will or not,
but that you will see with them also in
the session, you know,
knowing if they will allocate people is
just not mandatory, but if they will,
that's even better.
And the key of the role is not the
product itself,
but the set up that we made a lot of the
way. Yeah, okay. Yes,
what the learnings as well along and the
learning and the learning and different,
because, as we said,
is saying this cannot be done.
There are technical limitation and all is
for them quite as much valuable.
Us making it,
and then the guy is the customer on this
is clearly an engineer, and for him,
and then that something is not doable.
I used it, I used it.
Okay.
Three more things, a small one,
they use Klein. So the name is Klein.
You can. But I'm not sure.
We might do something different.
I'm not sure. At the time they use Klein.
I'm not sure.
Is it that you're gonna use Klein.
I know that some of their teams use Klein.
Yeah.
It's probably the main tool they use.
They use Copilot or.
Codex, whatever, like the extension,
it's an extension for Visual Studio.
Put that second form for VS code. Yes,
it's called Client C.L.I.N.E.
We might choose that one.
I think they will, honestly,
because we need to interface with Bedrock.
Bedrock has doesn't have an extension.
I know you will see with them on this.
Two more things we need to discuss. One,
actually, we talk about units,
but there is technical units and there's
also like functional units.
And I'm looking at someone right there.
Because that's for you, Mo. So,
the thing is, before I talk about that,
I want to talk about the team composition.
We are like 6 people,
so I will also take the correct slide.
It means two teams,
two teams of two developers.
But at work on two different units at the
same time, so it's parallel. Two teams,
2 developers, 2 units, same time,
every two weeks.
And we do it three times like this.
At the same time, we have one PO.
I don't want to say AIPO.
But, but is yourself, and you're there to,
I mean, like,
remove some blockers as well,
talk with the client a bit more about the
blockers and anything like that for both
teams, for both teams, yes,
but almost for the same thing,
and also you have one functional unit.
So, we propose them, I think, free.
That's what I'm sharing right now on the
screen, and they...
Okay, sorry. Once again,
let me check the one they accepted
because I forgot. I think it's #3.
Up, up, up, up, up, once again.
Why is it?
Okay, yeah, do you see functional?
Yeah.
It's only the technical area. Sorry,
maybe Cedric knows more.
But I believe it was #3. That's a mistake.
So basically there is 3 functional units.
This one are not technical merge.
We are more about what we can use AI,
more at, I would say, PO level. Okay.
So it can be something like, for example,
where is it?
Something about story, for example,
data gathering,
or it can be like story creation,
epic creation, link with Jira as well,
stuff like that. You can read them,
it's like 36 to 38, that is free.
I believe they use they choose
thirty-eight, but maybe I'm wrong.
I need to ask Cedric.
That one is for you to tackle,
but you have the full two months to do it.
It's not a two weeks for you,
but that one is actually two months,
and you will be by myself mostly,
and also the team if need be.
So yeah, it's mostly like a PO part.
So, that's the thing. So, don't worry,
you're not alone in your time.
You're still thinking you actually have
time or not, so yeah,
that's a separate application for them to
work on,
because if it's being used by the
business people,
more likely they wouldn't like looking at
the codes. It's not about coding.
That's one, yeah,
it may be that one we might gonna work,
we might work on the story part or to
create stories, stuff like that, probably,
but it's not,
it won't be directly tied to coding.
But how are they going to operate that,
for example,
data gathering and then applications?
Yeah. What would be the first step?
What would the business people see?
To to initiate that,
so that's a good question.
Today I don't know.
Today I don't know exactly what or deep
we want to go with the business,
because we can actually do it like by
yourself and see, okay,
what's going from Jira, for example.
To me, the first step would be Jira,
because that's where like business people
look at. We don't look at the code,
look at Jira.
So it's probably going to be from Jira.
And then whatever is from Jira is up to
us to define if we want to make it
created from Jira or actually from some
kind of repository as well.
But there must be like a server too.
Fetch all the hooks and then transform
something, and then, yeah,
but that's probably gonna be part of what
Mo is gonna do. Mo's coding, Mo's,
Mo's coding. No, no,
my last project with Mo code,
he did some coding, yeah, yeah.
It's really cool stuff from design to,
you also, you also,
you also did the dashboard a bit, no, no,
he did everything, no, no,
but except the CEO, I think, you know,
Mo can call a bit,
and I will be able to help him as well.
All of us actually, we can,
so for the timeline,
but you saw it sprint one,
I mean sprint zero,
free streaming parallel,
plus you need functionally need for more,
at least for the world time,
and then choice of wrapper with some kind
of like sprint.
But we can discuss more when we are there.
To me, the big blur is a wrap up,
to be honest.
What is what I want to say?
So when you're a developer,
you're in a team of two developers,
you're full-time on the team or on the
unit.
You don't need to work with other units.
At the same time,
myself as a leader will be there in both
teams at the same time. I will get myself.
That's not true.
But I will be there like 50-50 basically.
I will be like 40-40 and 20 with more.
I will try to be in the middle.
We haven't defined what will be the scope
of team one, team two. We still need to.
We need to choose who's going to be, yeah,
we don't know. So, so inception, the S1,
just print zero, what is called S1.
It's kind of weird.
Yeah, if you see,
we actually put it somewhere.
We are there to actually define with them
exactly what they want to pick and in
which order. Because the order, actually,
if you look at that one,
we know what we want to pick.
But the order is going to be,
it depends on them. Yeah, exactly.
So S1 will be know which order will be.
What we can do from now, it's, well,
Tim can be formed today or later on.
I have no issue if...
But yeah, it's going to be two teams, and,
and the goal is only to reach until S. by.
Yes.
What, what is S5? I mean,
the S1 is for in planning. Yeah,
Spin Zero is S1,
and there will be two teams more likely
will be taking, for example,
two and three,
and then four and five for the 17.
We need, we only need to cover until...
S5 to deliver until the end of the second
week, is that correct?
Yeah, I don't know what is,
I still don't know what you mean by S5.
Can you go to the initial? OK, let me go.
The first one, the first one,
the first one, the first one, yeah,
this one, S1. So, if you go down,
let's do infinity.
Let me use the number slide number.
Just the next one slide 24. OK.
Will be password T1. OK. It's T. OK.
You want to say T, but you say it's OK.
OK. Yeah. We have to cover the 123 four.
No. OK. It is really confusing.
I know that, but why is it not you? Yeah.
That's the one we want us to work on.
So look at exactly, T4, 5, 7, 10, 11,
and 12. That's the one we picked,
knowing one thing,
it's possible it might change,
because as long as we don't start a unit,
we are free to change the unit.
Depending on what are we blocked.
It could be that as well.
We can also change the first week.
The engagement is just like when we pick
a unit for two weeks,
we don't change it afterwards.
But for them, it's like a buffet.
They can change if they want during the...
But the one we picked so far is T4, 5, 7,
10, 11, 12.
Are we expected to finish all of that in
two weeks?
Each unit should be done in two weeks.
Each unit. Yeah, each unit. OK,
it's confusing. OK.
Let me explain a bit more.
This one is very important. So yeah,
that's the team, team one, team two. OK.
And every two weeks,
that's the whole unit that is actually
finished. OK.
Okay, so you do one, two, 3 units. Yeah.
Is Tse.
Yeah, yeah, it's a unit.
You need to like see what it scope on.
I had can you say again about that? To me,
it looks like mathematics. He liked it,
so I keep it, but yeah, it's a unit. So,
yeah,
each team will do 3 units of two weeks
each.
Each teams will also do the Sprint Zero,
but is S1, yeah.
And the wrapper that is S2.
I think 2 weeks is actually quite short
for what we have to do.
And really the goal is to look at the
blockers and do what we can with the time
we have. We are not there to ask you.
Let me find an example. By the way,
remind me again, the wrap-up is...
Of this call that not into the T1 to T9
right? I mean, wrap up is full team,
we are all together at the wrap up part,
yeah, but I mean different, OK, yeah, so..
.
Okay, two things. First one,
you see we have must have.
What the hell? I guess I...
Am I still sharing? Yeah, yeah. Okay,
alright. We have must have nice to have.
They are actually all.
Nice to have.
The goal is to find blockers, fix them,
but if we cannot fix them for any reason,
we log it properly,
we have a way to log it,
we document everything,
and we pass on to the next must have or
next to have.
The goal is not to give a finished
product,
it's to see what works today with them.
what we can quickly resolve and what we
cannot touch for any reason,
security or something like that,
we tell them why and we log it.
So that's why we have two weeks.
It might take more than two weeks,
but the goal is to know exactly what we
can do in two weeks.
So it's like 2 weeks for two units.
Two teams, yeah. So, in two weeks,
we do two units in parallel with two
teams. So, okay, so we finish points,
yeah, yeah. So, the wrap-up is like,
like we simulate how it works, yeah. So,
the, yeah,
so the wrap-up is we need to discuss when
we are there about the wrap-up a bit more,
yeah.
it's on our side with people from their
team. I think what we want to do, yeah,
go ahead. But we are, it's not,
we are not giving them to fully using our
control. Yes, we do, yes.
It look like a handover with a real team
on their side,
but handover of a fake project on on the
mock project, yeah, on the S2, yeah,
on the wrapper part, yeah,
so we don't really have time to.
I mean, internally? We do,
because the wrap-up is where we imply for
sure the other team with us as a fake
sprint or whatever,
but every time you finish a unit,
you're there to apply this unit that is
finished to the...
red line which is the mock project.
So every time unit is finished or even
during a unit,
we update the mock project tool to make
it compatible with it.
So when we arrive at the last sprint,
like the S2, like the wrap up,
that should already be working before
because every two weeks we actually
updated.
Is it clear or?
Do you follow me?
So, I guess, so we have, yeah,
to my understanding, we have two,
two part of the projects, yeah, there,
the mock project, yeah,
and our payground project, yeah,
two body to test, right,
and when we do these six units.
We will run with this paper, we will,
there is only one projector,
there's only one more project,
there is no fake projects, yeah.
Oh.
Yeah, they should give us a mock project.
If it's not properly there at the sprint
one, sprint zero, sorry.
But I will be there to ask them nicely.
But no, no, it should be there.
We even give them like a lot of
requirements.
I think I created like 7 slides on it.
Exactly to see what we need from them.
Do we have a meeting with them,
like demonstration every two weeks,
or it's just at the rough up?
It's a good question.
I think it's every two weeks,
but I might see something wrong here.
Give me one second.
It's like I was asking,
because if we finish the first unit,
maybe we can jump straight to 7 unit.
Maybe we can cover more than 6 units.
Well, if we are much faster,
we can discuss about that.
It's not impossible.
But it would be nice for the client
customer, because it's a fixed price,
so it's really good for them. I mean,
we can cover most of the nice to have on,
yeah, yeah,
nice to have some would take time for
sure,
but we can see that if we are really much
faster for some reason.
Because it's too easy, we can,
I would be there to adapt. Well,
no discussion on demonstration having to
mix yet.
So we used to have a slide for it.
It's gone.
So maybe because it was another proposal,
I did so many for alcohol,
you have no idea. This one is a V fiber.
But yeah, it should be,
we should have a steering committee with
the EM with Cedric.
I believe it's every week.
And for the teams,
I believe it's every two weeks we show
something. But I might be wrong,
so I need to check.
If it's not there, by the way,
it's part of the sprint zero to define
what we do for the meetings.
And I will need your help for that.
I believe it's not there on this proposal
because of that.
We want to see what is the best cadence
for them as well.
Probably, we'd put it on the spring zero.
Let me check.
Show me is define meeting somewhere.
This thing, like,
it shouldn't the theory with these with
these things, Slayton, yeah.
Uh, I knew there was OK, so weekly sync,
this one is for the not for the full team.
Shared with only unit.
Also,
the steering committee is every two weeks,
and the weekly sync is mostly with P.O.
tech lead,
but I think the team should be there as
well.
We can discuss at the beginning as well,
but I,
I like to have the team in the weekly
thing.
I don't like to only go take take it,
it doesn't make sense, but we can see,
we we will see as well.
We can define anything that work from the
office or work from office.
I have a really bad news for you.
We need to today, yes, every day, yes,
what here or at Boonprakorbwong, yeah.
Yeah, everything.
I mean...
To be fair, we did not say it,
but it was so abuse,
I did not even dare to ask. But no, no,
we have to go there every day.
And they start.
I forgot. Actually,
I've been there like once because we had
the presentation. I think his name.
It's S. Mitro Tower. S.
Mitro or something.
And even me, I live next to it.
I don't want to go. I like to work for Mo.
But uh, it's called S. Dash Metro.
It's really next to the BTS of phone.
Sorry, what's the name? S. Metro. S.
Metro. Ohh, I can. S. Smith, Smith. So,
two teams, we need to talk to, yeah,
two teams, because I mean, like...
We are,
we are deciding how it's going to work
right; we are designing the load flow,
yeah,
and if two teams has a different
perspective of how things should work,
I should say, but we are,
we have different scope,
every team has different scope.
At the same time,
but we are aware to align each other.
We are going to share the repo and
everything. Yeah, we will see.
We are there to sync as well.
I'm also there to make everyone be in
sync with customer as well,
but that's really important,
even though two teams have different
scope, we do one big standard.
I think we can discuss about that.
It's probably a good idea,
but to have one daily.
It's possible. I think it's very possible.
But it's not a big size anyway,
where it's like for developers,
it's it should be easy to to sync up
together. It's not like a Aya,
not a Aya Hong Kong project.
Have you been to Aya Hong Kong? No,
only yourself, right?
Yem.
Bonus, you didn't go through AI yet? Oh,
I thought. Okay, it was a long time ago.
No, it's not a big project.
It's A fast-paced project,
but it's not a huge project in my opinion.
And uh, yep.
So AAPC. AAPC.
Is that for the name of the? Well,
it's essential.
But this is.
I think I'm going to click.
No, sorry, little boy is good, and.
No.
Hi, she was at least,
or where she will find out?
If you cannot be late,
I will tell everyone where you live.
I have the best convey in Pongkok.
It's cheap,
and the next week it is from Pong.
And it's big. How much do you pay?
So I share with my girlfriend,
but it's 28K for 72 square meter.
It's huge. And the location is crazy good.
It's beside you.
And he's quiet as well,
because he's in the site.
To me is the best in Bangkok for the
price, yeah.
It's nice, nice to know.
Aya, you just came back, yeah.
Luckily, we have to go on site every day,
yeah.
I believe it's 9. I will ask them.
Is it so three at 9?
I think it's important to arrive on time,
yeah.
Don't, don't come early. I mean,
if you want to, you can, but I will not,
but yeah, I wish we should worry on time.
Especially the first week,
I'm just saying,
don't be late the first the first week,
so yeah,
we basically already got the contract and
then we just don't know when we start,
yeah, that's it,
it's possibly said the contract is done
here, it's not signed,
but it's always like that with client,
it's signed the last minute every time.
Uh, it's not,
it's been validated like since Monday,
like, orally is actually signed,
but I mean like, yeah,
but it's not officially, right?
It's not signed,
but between sign and saying yes,
there is always a...
Please stop and.
Ith.
Honestly, I think 15.
I think it's going to be start on the
next week of after eight was a 15
probably.
It depends on them, because we right now,
since Monday,
we are doing all the contract with Valo,
because a lot of the contracts to sign,
and then we have the budget for sure that
I know, so that should be OK. So,
am I here 100%? Yeah, yeah.
For sure, unless you plan to move,
tell me no better.
My worry actually right now is,
because you're okay,
you're really very far, especially in Ryu,
he moves very far. It does.
They ask me who. Really?
Can you define very far?
Are you?
I think that will be an issue for of
course, yes. What do you need?
I need to dive about 90 kilometers every
day. Nineteen, 90, yeah, 90 right,
actually. OK.
I,
I think it's impossible for me to go that
daily. Yep, yep,
that's something to discuss with Ryan. I,
yes, I think I have with Ryan. OK,
all right.
We can get this done. We have,
we have for you.
Yeah,
I think that you need to discuss with
Brian. I can help you as well, but...
Ohh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I need to talk to Ryan.
The thing is,
pretty sure we want us on site.
If you really can't,
it's maybe we need to switch with someone
else, but that's my guess, because...
But I don't know.
Let's start with right enough time. Yeah,
yeah, get a time. Yeah, I have no excuse,
sadly, but...
Um...
Any question? Anything? Well,
so just to wrap up, yeah,
so we are not delivering the product,
not really POC for them on those AI stuff,
yes, yeah,
and we share them what we learn, yes,
the approach that we use, right? OK,
correct.
We share what we learn,
we share also what we created,
which is probably is going to be some
prompt that's going to be used by agent.
Yeah, yeah,
but might be or Chris written somewhere
with something, maybe an A10 or something,
but we will see along the way, but yeah,
we share as well.
We have a report to share stuff as well.
Okay, got it. Actually,
my first worry earlier is that when I was
reading...
It says Java Node.
js in Python for the backend. Does it?
Yeah.
I think we let them choose, right?
But I guess it depends on what project
they will be giving us. Yeah.
It totally depends on that, but...
And and should we make it more flexible
or technically any any language? So,
the thing is,
the technologies you're seeing there are
part of what they use today,
because we have the list. OK, actually,
that proposal has been created with AI.
We have a preset repo for it and they
give us the list of technology we have.
So actually what we put there is
something we have today.
If it's not there,
it means we don't have it.
So maybe just be prepared in case they
give us like 3 but end.
But the technology doesn't matter too
much.
I would say even we don't really care
about if it's Java or something, not JS.
And this cloud, the cloud, yeah,
we have an cloud,
so that the teams we have there,
it's part of the platform team.
Uh,
is a team is mostly the DevOps that
creates all the infra for the project,
but are mostly created in France.
They don't really do many products.
It's mostly like infra setting. Infra,
but is infra is monitoring, setting up,
stuff like our resources.
They also have a few products though,
because I met a team like two months ago,
but is a product team in that is part of
the platform.
So, they also have that team,
and I'm pretty sure we're going to go
with this team,
because we might have also read product
from them, but if that already exist,
but we will see.
So, back end, it's OK.
We it could be tech agnostic,
even the front end, exactly.
How about do they have do we all do we
also need to?
A.I.
find the the design if they are the
designer that we also need to.
No, no design. So,
when we sit taken in the secure right
about the project,
and it goes even more than that,
it can be just a LOL on the on the
website. Are they already got? Well,
what I'm trying to say is we don't care
much about the project,
we care about what we do with it.
Yeah, yeah, I think my question is,
for example,
they wanna have a new feature in their
frontline, yeah,
and they will make or maybe a new
functionality, yeah, are we to...
Provide process on how do we design? Ah,
okay. Yes, it's possible. It's possible,
but I'm not so sure the unit issues are
going to be compatible with what you just
said.
We choose units that are mostly like
DevOps part,
about metrics or like monitoring stuff
like that.
Well, we don't create new features.
Um, because it's not hard,
I don't think it is, um,
because in Thailand it's mostly DevOps
team, platform team, uh,
the dev team are in France.
And.
Yeah, that's basically it, and...
What I wanted to say?
I think that should be okay,
and at least we, it's out of scope,
the process, yeah, designing a new one,
it it's, yeah, we we we don't do projects,
actually, what we might do,
and it's mostly formal,
is regarding the stories, stuff like that.
You might the function you need,
you might touch stories, epic,
and Jira stuff, yes,
but is we still we won't be on to,
but that's actually my question,
that's that stories,
actually touch with you guys, or I will.
Independently, post your talk.
It's not going to touch much the other
team. It's mostly going to be independent,
but I will be there. By default,
I'm 20% on your project as well.
On only the project,
not about anything else. Yeah. Sorry.
I saw, I have written down some notes.
Slide 31.
It says documentation, freshness,
freshness, validation, 3131.
So, I was wondering,
how are we going to make sure that when
they change something on Jira or any
documentation,
it will also be synced with the code,
or if we change something with the code,
do we need to sync?
Yeah, that one, yes, it is.
Did they pick it? Well, is it picked? T.A.
right?
I don't know if it's picked one.
It's not picked,
but it's just related to your question.
We should not to ping that one. But yeah,
it's possible. It's totally possible.
We do Jira stuff that goes to the project
for sure. So for now,
to answer your question, maybe...
It will be your scope.
But we will not take it,
so it doesn't need to be connected to
ours yet, if we...
But have to somehow to integrate it
somehow in the next in the next.
But it is not an issue if coding is
required for what you need to do.
We are there to code,
we are there to code,
you can code as well,
but I am there to code and the team also,
if is really huge, you can as well.
OK, don't worry about coding, yeah. OK,
I stopped coding three years ago,
so it's OK. Yeah,
I only ask an AI to code for node,
but yeah.
What I will ask you to do,
I don't know when we start,
but we know the 6 units.
So that would be nice if you have a look
at those 6 units that are selected and
have a look at what you think we could do.
And I'm talking about take-wise,
like if we do agent, if we do prompt,
if we do orchestration as well of agent.
But,
but you need to take time by yourself,
and we can discuss later on as well.
But you should read the unit as well,
because...
Was always difficult to know, obviously.
I have a vision of what we can do,
but I want to have your input, basically.
I don't want to force anything on the
team. So, as Ryan mentioned earlier,
I think, ohh, we or or I think so,
we worked with the instructions from
agents, but not yet on the agentic way,
like automatically update itself.
I think we can do it.
I believe we can do it, générique.
If everyone is okay,
I think it's a trend already. Anyways,
so step zero will always be prompt,
because what you give to an agent is a
prompt. Yeah.
So step zero will be prompt manually,
and then we can go further away from that
and go agent and then agent orchestration,
which is kind of cool. I mean.
I think they are just worried if we can
fully fully finish until the agent part,
but,
but what is really nice is we did not
define in blood,
but we do agentic pipeline,
so it's up to us to define what we want
to do,
but we are not forced to do it as well.
The goal is to see what we can do with
the time we have.
I believe we have time to do it, honestly.
If you feel confident, I would say,
if you feel confident that we got time to
spare, then I would suggest we go Agent T.
Yeah, I think we should do that.
I do it myself for project,
for personal project as well already.
So, I know to do it.
On the group.
The.
Chu.
Next question for me. Yes, go ahead. No,
it's good, huh?
How do we go? So,
whenever we do the process,
if we are to go,
we will be using our own Copilot
subscription,
or do they will they give us? So,
they should give us access to the Bedrock
thing if on AWS connect to that.
Yeah, but what is not clear today is,
can we also use Copilot on top of that
for all research or whatever?
I think that has not been properly
discussed,
and I believe we don't care too much,
so I...
I think I'm going to ask them before we
start to be sure,
because we never ask it directly,
but when it comes to creating agents
that's going to run on the pipeline or
whatever, it's going to be with bedrocks,
but the way we create the agent or the
prompt, maybe we can scope a lot.
I don't know.
It's just that it's mentioned the app.
GPT, Cloud Code, compilers, yeah,
if their devs use different different
tools, do we cover how it's used?
I think it's part of the Sprint Zero
honestly to know what they use.
Last time I talked to them,
because they only use client.
Which?
Looks a bit not so nice to be polite,
but it's really we need to discuss even
more about that. I don't know.
Unless we can find a way to unify, yeah,
if it was me, I will use Codex personally,
but yeah.
But that depends. We ask a good question,
and I think I would ask them before.
Last question.
So they will be giving us a mock project,
and we will basically,
that's where we play at. And if we are to,
for example, we're done,
it's proven that it's working. Do,
how's the rollout?
Like, for example,
this is how we are doing the back end,
yeah, how we code on the front end,
how this is how we code,
how do we roll out to their main main
production line? That is the question.
Give me one sec.
Yeah, yeah. Thank you.
Why is it? Guess it's that one.
So, like I said at the beginning,
or actually, like Cedric said, sorry,
this POC scope of two months or maybe
three months is part of a much bigger
picture,
which is like the full account
information, and as a rollout,
like you say.
So,
what we do is mostly like identify the
issue, what we can do,
and toolings right on this project, like,
as we say, like AI, if I,
I think this is able to save it. Okay,
there's also something else which is the
full scope with all the team in France,
and...
That one,
the way we want to roll out if we get the
project, so far is not decided.
It's something.
I just want to prepare,
like look forward if we are to finish,
because we have to prepare. OK,
so it's something like this.
So that's what I'm showing you right now
is the full proposal and its
transformation.
So it's not an AI transformation,
it's AI transformation. That's new,
it's trending, I guess. But the thing is,
the goal is if we are to roll out to
everyone.
We actually go into a team.
We do code delivery for six weeks to two
months with a team. With a real team,
a real project team in France or in
Thailand as well. At the same time,
as soon as we start,
we need to identify one person.
but it's going to be called a champion.
And what it does is,
when you see like iteration one is POV,
whatever, here is a full team of Palo,
at least three people on Palo side,
with a full record team.
We work with them together.
We actually identify the streams and
everything,
and we actually try to automate what we
are doing normally. And at the same time,
we are there to train one of these person,
who have been the tech lead,
to be able to help us teach others later
on what we just did with that team.
We just... Yeah.
They teach their own. Yeah.
We just want it to our supervisors.
So that's after it, yeah.
So that's the first one, team one.
After what happened is 2 months after
whatever, we do more teams.
And the one that we try to teach on the
first team is going to help us teach the
team.
other teams.
We move them from teams to teams.
And we train more people like that.
And after two iterations,
someone from the client can be called a
champion because he got taught and he
knew how to teach.
And then they can go by themselves with
minimal support from Paolo to teach other
teams.
In the uh, I call in second in the.
Full PDFC.
Yeah, something like that.
So that's a way to stream and to scale a
transformation.
It's exactly like a virus, it's COVID,
but...
And yeah, something like that.
I guess you can see there.
I was working on new slides.
The goal is, at towards the end,
so the blue line is a team that are
trained.
Buy a call.
You see.
Yeah, that's for the full, like,
there's seventy-two teams, actually,
and see Paolo start there, we trained,
we trained like one team,
we trained 5 teams in parallel, six,
seven is the max, when you decrease a bit,
and then towards the end, actually,
is more than 50% is trained by...
our core members.
We do it for true reason, by the way,
if you're curious. But actually,
only one is a prize.
If Paolo needs to go to every team to
train them, it's expensive AF,
to be polite. And yeah.
Non for the clients, I can tell you.
But yeah.
Right now, we have iteration zero already,
we are not trained, so right now,
if you look at the full global stuff,
I guess you can call it some kind of fake
POV only for talent team.
I guess it should be somewhere there,
like, you know, you see my mouse.
Yeah, it's called Devis King.
But.
Do you have more question? Stop sharing.
Sorry, I'm good. You have more?
I have a question, but go, go for it.
It will be on the initial. OK,
so super last one. Yeah,
I wanna know how do we do the baseline
before and after we...
Do this, if I, yeah,
you mean to look at the GPI and
everything?
Non, the metrics, yeah, the metrics,
the how uh working for them, the process,
yeah, I, I know what you mean.
If you ask me,
I know it's part of the Sprint 10,
the first thingy.
It's something I need to discuss more,
because to me, we should not do baseline.
Like this,
because we don't do a real project,
so to me that part is a bit tricky and
dangerous.
It's actually what I'm the most scared of
today,
because we cannot do matrix on the fake
projects, and yeah, you cannot,
you cannot do baseline if we are the one.
developing and it will be rolled out to
do so. No, the baseline,
if we do a baseline,
it's at the wrap-up on the only sprint
that we do as a fixed sprint.
So we, at that point,
we should be able to compare with
something else. But to me,
that doesn't make sense because it's a Mo
project. Yeah.
So it's something I need to discuss,
honestly. Yeah.
But that's a really good question.
You really cannot tell if it's beneficial
for their devs because their level might
be different from our words.
But like Cedric said, correct me,
is right, it's not a POV, it's a POC.
And to me, a POC, you don't do matrix.
Yeah, true. POV, you do, actually,
because you're there to see if it's
working and how good it is, right?
But POC.
We can have some metrics,
but it's not really the main subject,
I think.
See, but I will report to do this.
Yeah, it's.
I don't think it's an issue today. OK,
we need to discuss more with them. Yeah,
what can I say?
So, yes, are we still in the meeting?
One more question, Christian? Yes.
Probably 3 months, right?
Two to three to work with this? Yeah,
are we going to need to be outside for so
three months? Yeah, you're not have any,
no, I think he was, and I say yes,
and yes, again.
I, I'll be honest, I think yes,
but I will try not to, but I believe yes,
but I hope not,
especially if we treat to be.
Yeah, you know, you need to be on time,
man. You can be late sometime,
but not every day.
The goal is to be on time, you know,
especially the first week.
We don't want to make a bad impression.
No, we need we need to look good, right?
Honestly,
I don't like to go to the client,
even if I live next to it. Yeah.
Uh, like, at 9, that is the pin, we,
we joined the one, yeah, for four days,
OK, that's OK,
since the time is not so sweet.
I think we can discuss about doing 4 days
as well. I don't think it's impossible.
But not at first,
not the first week for sure.
It's going to be easier when we look good
and we will trust us to do more formal,
but at the beginning.
But, no, I know, honestly,
I prefer to go for a moment. Mix up Simon,
just five minute walk. Yeah. Oh yeah,
step, step zero, don't tell the client,
leave next to the office, please.
We don't need to know that.
So,
since we haven't had the final starting
date, yeah, are we to research on this,
or yes, go back to whatever we are?
Please take time to look at the unit that
we shows,
have a look at what we can propose.
Don't need to spend many hours,
just have an idea.
I want to have a meeting maybe next week
to talk about what we...
We could propose to them, actually,
or we could do ourselves, but sorry, yeah,
we consider a meeting in the day. Yeah,
I want to do that, maybe mean next week.
It's going to be online.
I like online so much, you have no idea.
I'm the worst kid.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
But yeah, that's pretty much it,
but if we can,
if we can find a way to not go every day,
I will, I will take it for sure.
I will try,
but I'm pretty sure the first week is not
going to be for the week or whatever.
I mean, for me, but who's living for?
You live very far. Very.
What about Bonus as well?
Where do you live?
How many hours from here?
Not so far.
How long does it take you for you to go
to the office with you? I see,
it's like one day, yeah, yeah, yeah,
around one day for me.
Hello.
Right, you also went 30.
Okay.
You OK? I live next to the train station,
so next a bit, yes, yeah,
so commit line or actually,
I'm next to MRP. It takes 30 minutes.